This with you I want to show you how you may configure some parts of your eye on a two application.
Now I'm not talking about the configuration here in the conflict SML file where you would configure
your application for being published.
I'm talking about the configuration on how your application will behave.
At runtime we can do this in the app module.
Do you remember this ionic module here which we import and where we pass our root component in in the
first modules of this course.
I explained that here.
It would kind of a wrap itself around our application our app component here initialize the app and
set everything up for us.
And this is true now since this is the place where the whole application has kind of set up and configured.
It's also the place where we can override some of that configuration.
And this is exactly what this video is about.
We can pass a second argument here to for root and that argument would be a javascript object which
allows us to well basically override some of the default configurations.
Now there are a lot of things we can configure here.
Therefore as always it's a good idea to go to the ionic documentation here to API and then to Conn think
you can learn more about it here.
But I will walk you through that.
But if you scroll down a bit you can learn about all the different things you can override quite a bit.
But let's go back one step.
What does this actually do.
What could we want to override here and how does it generally work.
Well let's start simple.
Do you remember this back button in your application.
Well it always helps is normal back text now.
You can't change the back button and I actually did showed us the previous tips and tricks video.
But if you want to change the text route your application and don't want to override did for each page.
You can simply set the back button text here.
So if you add this property and you will find that this is one of the supported configurations you can
override here and us mentioned article if you scroll down.
So if you set this you can pass a string as a value where you assign the new back button to move bag
by simply changing it like this.
Now you don't need to set the default of course as it's done automatically so you only override what
you will want to overwrite here.
And again there are a lot of properties a lot of configuration items you can change here.
Have a look at the documentation I'm just showing you now.
Let's see there's an action here to show this in action.
I'll quickly add a new page ionic and generate page users.
Just an example page your.
Now I want to go to users here in my home page.
So in March I'll quickly add the users page to declarations and also do entry components.
Make sure you also add the import and what that I'll get go to my home file here and I'll simply replace
the content here with a new button which should allow us to get there.
So with I a button on it go to users and ultimately use the NAF push directive pushing to the user's
page.
And this is a property we need to add in the home dot TS file of course.
So this should simply hold user's page a reference to this page as a value.
Again make sure to also add the import in the home file then.
With that let simply run ionic surf to run this project and see it in the browser.
And we should now see it changed home button.
So here's the running application and if I go to users you indeed now see move back as a text here.
So exactly the text I set up here in the object I passed two days for root method here.
Now you could also override our features like t I can mode 2 for SD style even on Android devices so
instead of using material and besides setting those general settings which will affect all platforms
and all devices you can also set up platform specific settings.
You simply do this by adding a new property here which is platforms just like the other conflict names
but there is no platforms.
And this takes again a javascript Optik as in value.
Now in this value you can set up the same configuration items or properties you would have set up in
this root object but now nested here in platforms.
So a year lets add the iOS platform which also holds an object and you may now add your different configuration
items.
So let's set the back button text here Q Back again.
So that we generally override to move back.
But for us I want back.
So we should only see move back on Android and Windows devices.
Let me save this and see if it works as a spec as expected here.
So if we let does every load and go to users we need Seabeck.
But if we change our emulator here our test devised in Chrome to the Nexus 5 x let's say which of course
is an Android device.
We move back now.
So this is how you may set up your platform specific styles or your plan for platform specific configurations
here by using the special platforms property in this root object then defining the platform which could
be Aiwass or Android.
And then DB properties to configurations you want to set up for this platform.
Again you can learn more about this in the article I was mentioning earlier.
Here you can read about all the different ways of configuring this an average helpful methods you might
need but this isn't easy and a great way of adjusting the application to your needs.